{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Let\'92s play a memory game! Try to remember all of the pictures you see on the cards. Later we\'92ll ask you which ones you saw. \
\
First you will see some of the pictures, and then you have some time to flip over the cards you want to see. Let\'92s practice.\
\
[Do 2 or 3 familiarization (\'91Fam\'92) study/test rounds: Click on \'91Fam\'92.]\
\
Are you ready? [Press play button.] Remember these pictures! \
\
[after a few seconds, the 2 pictures will flip over so all pictures are hidden]\
\
Now you can flip over any picture by tapping on it: try that. Good! You can look at any picture, but you have to flip the card back over before you see a new one.\
\
[after several seconds, the cards disappear and the play button appears]\
\
Now you will be tested: select all of the pictures that you saw before! [press play and let them choose the pictures; when they are done click the check box] \
\
Let\'92s practice again: are you ready? [Press \'91Fam\'92]\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 [When done with 2 or 3 \'91Fam\'92 rounds:]\
\
Let\'92s play the game with more pictures! You\'92re going to look at a lot of pictures, and then you will try to remember them all at the end. Are you ready?\
\
[Select 'Study\'92: now there will be a sequence of three study periods; testing comes at the end]\
\
Try to remember these pictures! \
\
[when all of the cards go blank:]\
\
Turn over the cards you want to see! Try to remember them all.\
\
[(repeat three times as study continues). when back at chooser:]\
\
Good job! Now it\'92s time to remember the pictures you saw. Ready?\
\
[Select \'91Test\'92 \'97 will go through 6 trials]\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Select the ones you remember. \
\
[when they seem done:]\
\
Are you done?\
\
[press check box and confirm..repeat 6x]\
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
[when back at chooser:]\
\
Good job! Thank you so much.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 [Press 'Finish\'92. \'97 Don\'92t forget to do this! It saves the data.]}